and I ended up going to maral Lago with
Amarilis my daughter-in-law who runs my
campaign and we sat down with uh with
Don Jr and with uh with President Trump
and and Susie Wild's campaign manager
for several
hours and talk through these issues and
we agreed to do a Unity campaign where
we
would like they have in Europe where
there are you know where there um
there's coalitions where you don't you
don't give up your own independence or
Your
Capacity to criticize your allies on
things with which you don't agree with
them and and he was very agreeable to
that and on the things that on the
issues that we don't agree on that I
would continue to criticize him and he
could criticize me without
penalty and uh to our to our alliance
and that um that uh the issues that we
did agree on he agreed to make them
priorities and to um and to involve me
in some way in uh in helping to choose
the new government and helping
to give emphasis to the policies that I
was concerned about and the three
policies were Children's Health and the
chronic disease epidemic and which
involves the food system and the and you
know and getting the corruption out of
the the public health agencies out of
USDA um second handing the censorship
and and uh and
surveillance and number three ending the
uh the Warfare say ending the Ukraine
war immediately and um all of those are
issues that
he those are big issues had come to on
his own and
that I think he appreciated my insight
on some of those issues and my uh
passion for some of those issues
and my knowledge about some of those
issues
expertise and he welcomed me you know my
involvement I mean one of the thing you
asked me about what I sort of had come
to discover about President Trump and he
said to me a number of things that were
very Illuminating one is that he and
Donald Jr um and JD Vance were
absolutely
um had extraordinary antipathy toward
what the neocons have done to our
country I was surprised about that how
knowledgeable they were and how passion
and JD Vance is a a soldier and so and
he his understanding of the Neons comes
out of his own you know service abroad
and his own um military service and then
Donald Trump
Jr I don't know exactly how he came
to his uh antagonism toward them but it
is uh it was it's very very
heartfelt that gave me a lot of
confidence as well that he's surrounded
by people who are close to him that are
in his family and that you know are
going to um are going to be involved in
his administration who agreed with me
and we talked at that
time about um and effect was an issue
that I brought out up about bringing
Tulsi onto the team and um and they were
very very welcoming of that
idea and that of course another one who
had tremendous trouble with the
Democrats not only and and she
was the deputy director of the
Democratic National Committee you know
four years ago yeah oh she was a core
you know Democrat and a de Democrat
presidential candidate Democrat
congresswoman um yeah had a formidable
figure yeah and very very formidable and
uh and somebody that I like personally a
lot and have had long and very very
friendly relationship with and
then um but he also said something to me
he
said last time that I was in you know in
2016 he said I I was uh uh we got eled
and he he said we didn't really expect
that that was going to happen and uh
right obviously I was not prepared for
it and he said you know we launched the
transition Committee in in
January and I was immediately surrounded
by you know business people and
lobbyists and saying you pick this guy
pick that guy pick that guy and he said
and I did it I did what they
said he said I later came to regret it
and a lot of those people were bad
people you know how he he talks about
that he said they were bad people yeah
and um and he said I don't want to do
that this time I want to
do something completely different and he
said we're going to launch a transition
committee starting this
week in today's chaotic World many of us
are searching for a way to aim higher
and find spiritual peace but here's the
thing prayer the most common tool we
have isn't just about saying whatever
comes to mind it's a skill that needs to
be developed that's where hallow comes
in as the number one prayer and
meditation app hallow is launching an
exceptional new series called how to
pray imagine learning how to use
scripture as a Launchpad for profound
conversations with God how to properly
enter into imaginative prayer and how to
incorporate prayers reaching far back in
church history this isn't your average
guided meditation it's a comprehensive
twoe Journey Into the Heart of prayer
led by some of the most respected
spiritual leaders of our time from
guests including Bishop Robert Baron
father Mike schmidtz and Jonathan roomy
known for his role as Jesus in the hit
series The Chosen you'll discover prayer
techniques that have stood the tests of
time while equipping yourself with the
tools needed to face life's challenges
with renewed strength ready to
revolutionize your prayer life you can
check out the new series as well as an
extensive catalog of guided prayers when
you download the Hallow app just go to
hall.com Jordan and download the hall
app today for an exclusive 3-month trial
that's hall.com Jordan elevate your
prayer life
today so normally the transition
committee is paid for by the G by the
general accounting
office and you don't launch till after
the
election but with him he got private
donors to uh to LA to pay for the trans
transition committee and he's starting
it four or five months early yeah so
that they can actually put a government
in place and then another thing he said
is you know one of the big complaints
against President Trump has been that
he's sort of a captive of the Heritage
Foundation and project
2025 and he said to me uh he said you
know project 2025 they keeps trying to
stick that to me and I've never read it
I never heard it I heard of it until
people started telling me that I was
behind it and he
said I was written by a right-wing
this what he said to me and he
said there are leftwing and
there are right-wing and that
was written by a right-wing
and so in that way you know he
uh he kind of you know disavowed this
kind of
ideological um pigeon hole that they're
trying to put him
in and I think his administration is
going to be really interesting because
uh like you said he's surrounded by
people who are entrepreneurial who
really are common sense people
who want to do the right thing for our
country and you know I also came to
understand president Trump in a
different light and it's easy for me to
understand because I've been vilified
and demonized by the press and and the
view of me you know across the kind of
the liberal Landscapes is that you know
I'm this really insane crazy
person and um and you know but a lot of
people I I I you know take that for
as gospel as
reality and you know I think a lot of
the things that have been said about
President Trump are the same thing there
are things that are are propaganda
tropes there are very simplistic
characterizations of them that Miss some
of the richness of his character and of
his uh of his Personality yeah well that
seems to be especially the case now that
he has this quite remarkable team around
him so let me Steelman the Democrats for
a second and and tell me what you think
of this
I've have a number of democrat contacts
and they've been making a case to me
that things have genuinely shifted um
since Harris took the Reigns and they
point to things such things as relative
um relatively less emphasis being placed
for example at the DNC on the climate
crisis in carbon dioxide a relative um
shelving or siloing of the more radical
leftist movement within the Democrats
which in my experience they've dis
they've what uh declin to even admit
that that exists which has been a kind
of blindness that to me is nothing short
of miraculous is like is it possible
that there is a shift towards the center
in the in the Democrat Party and have we
seen that since Harris took the Reigns
and do you have any hope in that regard
or was your experience your personal
experience with their machinations and
the problems that you detailed out um so
comprehensive that
that you think that that what was that
is that is too little too late or not
real at all I guess
[Music]